chore(docs): spinning out bb docs (#9402)
noir-lang/noir: docs/docs/getting_started/quick_start.md

## Installation

### Installing Noir

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

With circuit compiled and witness generated, we're ready to prove.

## Next Steps - Proving backend

Noir is a frontend zkDSL. It compiles a circuit, generates the witness and the ACIR. In order to prove and verify these programs, you'll need a proving backend.

Proving backends provide you multiple tools. The most common backend for Noir is [Barretenberg](https://barretenberg.aztec.network). It allows you to:

- Generate proofs and verify them
- Prove the verification of another proof (recursive aggregation)
- Generate a solidity contract that verifies your proof non-interactively
- Check and compare circuit size

> Do visit [barretenberg.aztec.network](https://barretenberg.aztec.network), or use a different proving backend. Visit [Awesome Noir](https://github.com/noir-lang/awesome-noir/?tab=readme-ov-file#proving-backends) for a list of proving backends that work with Noir.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Read [Barretenberg's Getting Started guide](https://barretenberg.aztec.network/docs/getting_started) to install and start using Noir with Barretenberg.

Visit [Awesome Noir](https://github.com/noir-lang/awesome-noir/?tab=readme-ov-file#proving-backends) for a comprehensive list of proving backends that work with Noir.
```
